Give me a bottle of your very best
'Cause I've got a problem I'm gonna drink off my chest.
I'm gonna spend the night getting down
'Cause that woman that I had wrapped around my finger
Just come unwound.
Well, it won't be long now
Til that 'ol sun goes down
And darkness helps me hide my shameful tears.
My wife works all night long
For a man who's halfway gone
She's the barmaid in the honky-tonk downstairs.
In a bar in Acuna called Ma Crosby's I found myself not feeling any pain
I told a 'Frisco girl I'd come for freedom, she said she'd only come to catch a train
We struck up some idle conversation, traded all the troubles on our minds
One thing led to another in the evening and I fell in love again for my last time
Blame it on Mexico if you need a reason
Say too much guitar music, tequila, salt and lime
Blame it on Mexico, but she's the reason
That I fell in love again for my last time
Lately you've been showin' all the signs
Of a woman with someone else on her mind.
It's not your fault, it's the nights I've left you alone,
And if you're thinkin' you want a stranger, there's one coming home.
If you're thinkin' you want a stranger, I'll soon be there.
You're gonna see a change in me, this time I swear.
No more late nights, comin' in at daylight, and no more doin' you wrong.
If you're thinkin' you want a stranger, there's one coming home.
Bought you a silk gown and perfume today.
Picked up some roses and champagne on the way.
Oh I called to ask you to put some soft music on.
'Cause if you're thinkin' you want a stranger, there's one coming home.
Well I'm out on a tear 'cause she's tearing me apart.
If I look rough on the outside, you ought to see my heart.
And this look in my eyes shows beyond a doubt
That since my woman left I'm down and out.
I love the sound of a jukebox playing,
So I sit here while she's staying home watching Dallas on TV
Take me to Texas
Two hundred years ago
Where a pride rose from the ashes of San Jacinto
It still beats in every heart
Like a battle cry
Where I was born, where I was raised, so when I die
Is it global warming, I'm trying to decide
Little stuff like that will make you stop and drink
Is there life on Mars, the question begs
What came first, the chicken or the egg?
Little stuff like that will make you stop and drink
I love the taste of whiskey straight,
But the strongest thing she ever takes is a sip from a small glass of Chablis.
Though birds of a different feather, our love keeps us together,
And she knows what's wrong with me tonight,
I've got that Friday night fever;
Sometimes a man just needs a breather.
She knows I love her and I need her.
And I'm no cheater,
I've just got that Friday night fever.
I Guess You Think It's Fun
To Laugh at Her Expense
And Point out Each Mistake She Makes
In Front of All Your Friends
You Figure She'll Let it Go by
Cause She Loves You So
Every Time You Throw Dirt on Her
You Loose a Little Ground
She Slips a Little Farther Away
Each Time That You Put Her down
A Lady like That Can Come Here and Get
Somebody Who Knows What He's Found
Every Time You Throw Dirt on Her
You Loose a Little Ground
I Let it All Hang out Last Night
I Come in Hung over this Morning
My Woman Met Me at the Door
Preachin' Me this Warnin'
She Said Dillon You're Gonna Have to Change
Your Sinful Way of Living
But She's Playing Hell
Trying to Get Me to Heaven
Oh I Promised to Go to Church with Her
'Bout a Month of Sundays Ago
Well Here it Is Sunday Again
I Ain't Been Once in a Row
Every Time That Ole Church Bell Rings
You Can Hear My Rod 'N Reel a Singing
And She's Playing Hell
Trying to Get Me to Heaven
Nickels and dimes, memories and wines - she's on his mind once again.
The same old stool, the same old fool; played by the rules, but didn't win.
There's an old love in his heart that he can't lose.
He tried forgettin', but he knows that it's no use.
Full moon Friday night after the game
Stars must have all lined up early that day
I just turned 17, she had me by a month
We were young, we were green to the taste, to the touch
From that very first kiss, it was like we were born for that moment
Caught up in the perfect storm
It came in like a flood over the gate
Swallowed us up and it swept us away
We were over our heads, me and that girl
We were out of our minds, it was out of this world
It was always too much, it was never enough
It was just the kind of stuff you just can't make up
Ya ever feel like you're standing in glue
Going nowhere, yeah man, me too
Busting your butt just trying to get ahead
Wind up tasting a little dust instead
Buddy, I swear that pretty thing of mine
Don't ask for much but I'd be lyin'
If I said, I didn't want to give her everything that shines
Life’s tough and then you die
And there ain’t no rhyme or reason why
It comes right at you so you do what you do
Love’s great until it’s not
Hearts break but the world don’t stop
When it rains, man, it pours you can’t change the course
You can wish on a star but if it ain’t in the cards
I put in my forty and they take out way too much
The same old story, same old brown bag, homemade lunch
Might not be the big dream but I guess I can't complain
It pays the rent but that's about all that it pays
It's been too long
Hey, I'm goin', I'm goin'
I'm overdue so throw it on the card
Bartender, keep it open, I'm just getting started
Come Monday morning, I just might be overdrawn
But it's Friday night, so, I'm goin', goin' gone